Key,File,Type,UsedInMainMenu,NoTranslate,english,Context / Alternate Text
ammoBundle44MagnumBulletBall,items,Ammo,,,Box of .44 Magnum Ammo (1000),
ammoBundle762mmBulletBall,items,Ammo,,,Box of 7.62mm Ammo (1000),
ammoBundle9mmBulletBall,items,Ammo,,,Box of 9mm Ammo (1000),
ammoBundle44MagnumBulletAP,items,Ammo,,,Box of AP .44 Magnum Ammo (1000),
ammoBundle762mmBulletAP,items,Ammo,,,Box of AP 7.62mm Ammo (1000),
ammoBundle9mmBulletAP,items,Ammo,,,Box of AP 9mm Ammo (1000),
ammoBundleJunkTurretAP,items,Ammo,,,Box of AP Robotic Turret Ammo (1000),
ammoBundleBlunderbuss,items,Ammo,,,Box of Blunderbuss Ammo (1000),
ammoBundleArrowExploding,items,Ammo,,,Box of Exploding Arrows (75),
ammoBundleCrossbowBoltExploding,items,Ammo,,,Box of Exploding Crossbow Bolts (75),
ammoBundleArrowFlaming,items,Ammo,,,Box of Flaming Arrows (1000),
ammoBundleCrossbowBoltFlaming,items,Ammo,,,Box of Flaming Crossbow Bolts (1000),
ammoBundle44MagnumBulletHP,items,Ammo,,,Box of HP .44 Magnum Ammo (1000),
ammoBundle762mmBulletHP,items,Ammo,,,Box of HP 7.62mm Ammo (1000),
ammoBundle9mmBulletHP,items,Ammo,,,Box of HP 9mm Ammo (1000),
ammoBundleArrowIron,items,Ammo,,,Box of Iron Arrows (1000),
ammoBundleCrossbowBoltIron,items,Ammo,,,Box of Iron Crossbow Bolts (1000),
ammoBundleJunkTurretRegular,items,Ammo,,,Box of Robotic Turret Ammo (1000),
ammoBundleJunkTurretShell,items,Ammo,,,Box of Robotic Turret Shell Ammo (1000),
ammoBundleShotgunSlug,items,Ammo,,,Box of Shotgun AP Slugs (1000),
ammoBundleShotgunBreachingSlug,items,Ammo,,,Box of Shotgun Breaching Slugs (1000),
ammoBundleShotgunShell,items,Ammo,,,Box of Shotgun Shells (1000),
ammoBundleArrowSteelAP,items,Ammo,,,Box of Steel Arrows (1000),
ammoBundleCrossbowBoltSteelAP,items,Ammo,,,Box of Steel Crossbow Bolts (1000),
ammoBundleArrowStone,items,Ammo,,,Box of Stone Arrows (1000),
ammoBundleCrossbowBoltStone,items,Ammo,,,Box of Stone Crossbow Bolts (1000),
resourceCoalBundle,items,Item,,,Stack of Coal (10000),
ammoGasCanBundle,items,Item,,,Stack of Gas Cans (10000),
resourceGunPowderBundle,items,Item,,,Stack of Gunpowder (10000),
resourceScrapIronBundle,items,Item,,,Stack of Iron (10000),
resourceLeadBundle,items,Item,,,Stack of Lead (10000),
resourceLockPickBundle,items,Item,,,Stack of Lockpicks (10000),
resourcePotassiumNitratePowderBundle,items,Item,,,Stack of Nitrate Powder (10000),
resourceOilShaleBundle,items,Item,,,Stack of Oil Shale (10000),
resourceIronFragmentBundle,items,Item,,,Stack of Raw Iron (1200),
resourceRockSmallBundle,items,Item,,,Stack of Small Stone (10000),
resourceWoodBundle,items,Item,,,Stack of Wood (10000),
